fold numeric 
pop numeric 
perHoush numeric 
pctBlack numeric 
pctWhite numeric 
pctAsian numeric 
pctHisp numeric 
pct12-21 numeric 
pct12-29 numeric 
pct16-24 numeric 
pct65up numeric 
persUrban numeric 
pctUrban numeric 
medIncome numeric 
pctWwage numeric 
pctWfarm numeric 
pctWdiv numeric 
pctWsocsec numeric 
pctPubAsst numeric 
pctRetire numeric 
medFamIncome numeric 
perCapInc numeric 
whitePerCap numeric 
blackPerCap numeric 
NAperCap numeric 
asianPerCap numeric 
otherPerCap numeric 
hispPerCap numeric 
persPoverty numeric 
pctPoverty numeric 
pctLowEdu numeric 
pctNotHSgrad numeric 
pctCollGrad numeric 
pctUnemploy numeric 
pctEmploy numeric 
pctEmployMfg numeric 
pctEmployProfServ numeric 
pctOccupManu numeric 
pctOccupMgmt numeric 
pctMaleDivorc numeric 
pctMaleNevMar numeric 
pctFemDivorc numeric 
pctAllDivorc numeric 
persPerFam numeric 
pct2Par numeric 
pctKids2Par numeric 
pctKids-4w2Par numeric 
pct12-17w2Par numeric 
pctWorkMom-6 numeric 
pctWorkMom-18 numeric 
kidsBornNevrMarr numeric 
pctKidsBornNevrMarr numeric 
numForeignBorn numeric 
pctFgnImmig-3 numeric 
pctFgnImmig-5 numeric 
pctFgnImmig-8 numeric 
pctFgnImmig-10 numeric 
pctImmig-3 numeric 
pctImmig-5 numeric 
pctImmig-8 numeric 
pctImmig-10 numeric 
pctSpeakOnlyEng numeric 
pctNotSpeakEng numeric 
pctLargHousFam numeric 
pctLargHous numeric 
persPerOccupHous numeric 
persPerOwnOccup numeric 
persPerRenterOccup numeric 
pctPersOwnOccup numeric 
pctPopDenseHous numeric 
pctSmallHousUnits numeric 
medNumBedrm numeric 
houseVacant numeric 
pctHousOccup numeric 
pctHousOwnerOccup numeric 
pctVacantBoarded numeric 
pctVacant6up numeric 
medYrHousBuilt numeric 
pctHousWOphone numeric 
pctHousWOplumb numeric 
ownHousLowQ numeric 
ownHousMed numeric 
ownHousUperQ numeric 
ownHousQrange numeric 
rentLowQ numeric 
rentMed numeric 
rentUpperQ numeric 
rentQrange numeric 
medGrossRent numeric 
medRentpctHousInc numeric 
medOwnCostpct numeric 
medOwnCostPctWO numeric 
persEmergShelt numeric 
persHomeless numeric 
pctForeignBorn numeric 
pctBornStateResid numeric 
pctSameHouse-5 numeric 
pctSameCounty-5 numeric 
pctSameState-5 numeric 
numPolice numeric 
policePerPop numeric 
policeField numeric 
policeFieldPerPop numeric 
policeCalls numeric 
policCallPerPop numeric 
policCallPerOffic numeric 
policePerPop2 numeric 
racialMatch numeric 
pctPolicWhite numeric 
pctPolicBlack numeric 
pctPolicHisp numeric 
pctPolicAsian numeric 
pctPolicMinority numeric 
officDrugUnits numeric 
numDiffDrugsSeiz numeric 
policAveOT numeric 
landArea numeric 
popDensity numeric 
pctUsePubTrans numeric 
policCarsAvail numeric 
policOperBudget numeric 
pctPolicPatrol numeric 
gangUnit numeric 
pctOfficDrugUnit numeric 
policBudgetPerPop numeric 
murders numeric 
murdPerPop numeric 
rapes numeric 
rapesPerPop numeric 
robberies numeric 
robbbPerPop numeric 
assaults numeric 
assaultPerPop numeric 
burglaries numeric 
burglPerPop numeric 
larcenies numeric 
larcPerPop numeric 
autoTheft numeric 
autoTheftPerPop numeric 
arsons numeric 
arsonsPerPop numeric 
violentPerPop numeric 
nonViolPerPop numeric 
